tell me mr. Franklin have you ever known
anyone with Alzheimer's no what if you
could end all that suffering with a
single pill give me till Monday morning
48 hours I'll give you a result for the
skyrocket your stock price the most
advanced research facility in the world
Wow
beneath its glassy surface in the world
of gliding monsters a team of
specialists is working against the clock
did someone order the fish or an
experiment to benefit mankind sharks
never show any loss of brain activity as
they age with this close to the
reactivation of human brain cells but
before they can save millions of lives
tell me I didn't see that they recognize
that guy it's impossible sharks do not
swim back with fake ends he'll have to
find a way to save their own
just what the hell did you do to those
sharks did you feel something Jim and I
used gene therapies to increase their
brain mass what is that as a side effect
the Sharks got smarter somebody please
tell me what that is
go go
you